not since Scarface so much action
not since the Marx Brothers so much
comedy not since the 7-year itch so much
Marilyn the best picture this year will
also be the funniest good night sugar
there's one thing sure boy never met
girl like this before
you've never laughed more at sex or a
picture about it you stay here as long
as you like Jack may have beaten Tony to
the sugar but not for long you're not
giving yourself the chance don't fight
here Marilyn sing the fabulous songs of
the Roaring Twenties on the United
Artists soundtrack album wild blood
control running White Knight Bowl
feeling gay rappers - can't remind all
the time never bring me always going
dumb no way are we Shawn I don't care
don't love nobody it's not worth while
Oh